[FEATURE] Add quickstart guide for agentgateway (#15)
kagent-dev/tools: docs/quickstart.md

# Quickstart Guide for KAgnet Tools

## About this guide

This guide provides a quick overview of how to set up and run KAgent tools using AgentGateway.

For more detaled information on KAgent tools, please refer to the [KAgent Tools Documentation](https://kagent.dev/tools).

To learn more about agentgateway, see [AgentGateway](https://agentgateway.dev/docs/about/)

### Running KAgent Tools using AgentGateway

1. Download the agentgateway binary and install it.
2. Download KAgent tools binary and install it.
3. Download a basic configuration file for your agentgateway.
4. Run the agentgateway with the configuration file.
5. open http://localhost:15000/ui

```bash
curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kagent-dev/tools/refs/heads/main/scripts/install.sh | bash

> curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kagent-dev/tools/refs/heads/main/scripts/agentgateway-config-tools.yaml

Reviewer: Does this exist?

Author: added in this PR

curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/agentgateway/agentgateway/refs/heads/main/common/scripts/get-agentproxy | bash
curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kagent-dev/tools/refs/heads/main/scripts/install.sh | bash

export PATH=$PATH:$HOME/.local/bin/
agentgateway -f agentgateway-config-tools.yaml
```

agentgateway-config-tools.yaml:
```yaml
binds:
  - port: 30805
    listeners:
      - routes:
          - policies:
              cors:
                allowOrigins:
                  - "*"
                allowHeaders:
                  - mcp-protocol-version
                  - content-type
            backends:
              - mcp:
                  name: default
                  targets:
                    - name: kagent-tools
                      stdio:
                        cmd: kagent-tools
                        args: ["--stdio", "--kubeconfig", "~/.kube/config"]
```
Afterwards, you can run it with make command 
```bash
make run-agentgateway
```

### Running KAgent Tools using Cursor MCP

> 1. Download the agentgateway binary and install it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the kagent-tools binary and install it.
```
